It's true...
You're spying for the Americans.
The French report...
Your daughter's on that list.
Let me leave.
We can warn these people.
Give your daughter that chance.
Noor turned off the cameras
before stealing it. I already checked.
You just let her take it?
Of course not. I tried to stop her.
but she ran out the door.
I don't think I need to remind you
what happens
if that list finds its way
out of regime hands.
Do I?
You're threatening me?
This wouldn't have been a problem
if you hadn't moved it here.
I told you it was secure
back in my private study.
Insolent shrew.
Did she say where she was going?
No. But I have a pretty good idea.
The UN building.
When I've collected her.
you and I will talk
with the foreign minister.
You're forgetting
who governs our office. Javad.
And you're forgetting
who governs our republic.
Diplomats are replaced every day.
You'd do well to remember that.
- Haleh?
- Noor. Javad knows where you are.
What?
Javad knows where you are. Noor.
Get out of there right now.
Drop it.
Drop it or I'll break your neck.
Stay still. you lying bitch.
You okay?
Javad.
A moment. please.
Now!
What are you two doing here?
You should be in search of--
I called them back.
You called them back?
For what?
We weren't able to recover any video
from last night's theft.
But we did find something else
that was rather curious...
What exactly is your relationship
to the traitor. Javad?
Relationship?
It's my job
to know every member
of the staff in detail.
That's all that is.
Information gathering.
What kind of information?
The same kind that lets me know
what city and street
your mouthy daughter lives on.
Information is leverage.
And leverage
is how the Islamic Republic
protects its people from temptation.
You know much about temptation.
don't you?
Is that why you moved the list
to the mission?
For Noor?
Because she made you feel special?
I don't have time for these idiotic games.
You accuse me...
while she slips through our fingers?!
I'm just gathering information.
You think your word
and some video clips
are enough to impeach my position
to the foreign minister?
I'll see you hung for this.
Not just my word.
There are other witnesses.
Please. come.
Oh hi... What's going on?
To be honest.
we're still piecing it together.
But I'll tell you what it looks like.
You moved highly sought-after
intelligence. disregarding my advice.
to your office.
Where it was subsequently stolen
by a woman you appeared quite close to.
It looks like you were
working with her this whole time.
People back home
have many questions for you.
Inshallah. you'll have answers for them...
Take him.
Oh my girl!
My girl!
I can't believe you're here.
Never leave me.
You're all I have left.